Tell me, what are you doing with me?
Do you still know how to come back?
You said, where did you eat last night?
I will change.
Shouldn't you ask your wife and your woman where I have been?
Where have you gone? How do I know?
Were we all looking for you in the first place?
That’s right, sister, let me tell you,
Aren't you worried?
Don't talk about faith naturally, come to me.
I think you have nothing to do with me, right?
OK, follow me!
If you take a young lady as an uncle, how can you make her a nun?
A monk? What kind of monk?
I will give birth to Shangxiachi and let you marry Su Qingnu, the king of Sui.
If I don't marry, everyone says that I am very familiar with Wang Ruo.
It turned out that that person didn't have a place to live.
Do you want my family to go without me seeking death?
You can marry King Rui
That is a blessing that you will never be able to cultivate in several lifetimes.
Don’t be ignorant of your blessings when you are in the midst of them.
Such a great blessing
Why don't you let your biological daughter get married?
I'm a man who was born from a seclusion girl. I don't deserve to be screwed.
Why do you talk to someone like this?
It's already gone down here
If you don't marry now, it would be disrespectful.
You want the entire Yun family to help you
What is written above this is
Miss Shangyun married into the prince's palace
well known
There was only one young lady in the original family
That’s because you personally inherited it, so you said
Who should speak and who should not speak
You know it in your heart
Shut up
You are a useless waste
You don't drive the water frame
I'm afraid you don't know yet
We personally inherit
Already respected by the Queen Mother
Prince Rui will marry the emperor soon.
It's impossible for us to marry each other
King's father's flower stand
How can I live as a teacher?
Even if you don’t want to marry, you still have to marry someone.
Miss, help me. Please wait a moment.
What do you want to do again?
I can also marry King Rui
But I have a condition